Feature/updates (#109)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/basics/writing-styles.md

For example, you can call blue color r2d2-color. With this approach, if your designer chooses to change the project's color scheme at any point, you only need to change one variable value and you're done.

> We like to use [this site](https://chir.ag/projects/name-that-color) for our color names. Also, we recommend using simple names like Cornflower Blue will be `$base-corn-color` or `$base-flower-color` name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We like to use [this site](https://chir.ag/projects/name-that-color) for our color names. Also, we recommend using simple names. For instance, Cornflower Blue would be `$base-corn-color` or `$base-flower-color` name.
```
